Fix description of negated character class (#18737)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/regular_expressions/character_classes/index.md

          A negated or complemented character class. That is, it matches
          anything that is not enclosed in the brackets. You can specify a range
          of characters by using a hyphen, but if the hyphen appears as the

>           second or last character enclosed in the square brackets, it is taken as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          first after the `^` or the last character enclosed in the square brackets, it is taken as
```
